Web Development with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript
Learning Objectives:

Learn the most fundamental languages that define the world wide web.
Learn to build beautiful websites and user interfaces that work on a variety of devices and platforms.
Build expressive websites, landing pages, and more.
Go from basics to functional and object-oriented JavaScript.
Bring your web pages to life by adding interactivity and data-driven dynamism.
Learn to interact with remote services and APIs.
Learn to build modular JavaScript applications.
Earn to set up your development environment effectively.
Learn and implement auto code formatting and linting.
Embrace Babel and write next-gen JavaScript today.
Learn all about module bundlers with Parcel and Webpack.


Frontend Development Using React
Learning Objectives:

Master the most popular JavaScript library for building UIs and Web apps.
Learn to build composable and reusable components.
Embrace the power of React Hooks and learn to build your hooks.
Implement routing in a single-page application with React Router.
Master global state management and transitions using Redux.
Build data-driven applications with ease.
Implement Test-Driven Development (TDD) using Jest, Enzyme, and React Testing Library.
Master the framework of choice for Facebook, Instagram, New York Times, Netflix, Airbnb, Microsoft, and more.


Data Structures Using JavaScript
Learning Objectives:

Master the intricacies of Arrays, Objects, Stacks, Queues, Linked Lists, Hash Tables, Graphs, Trees, and more data structures.



Backend Development with Node.js, Express, and MongoDB
Learning Objectives:

Learn to write server-side applications using JavaScript.
Learn to work with files, modules, and NPM.
Learn to build web servers, APIs, and more.
Master the Express framework for rapidly building web apps with Node.js.
Get a grip on Middleware, Authentication, and the MVC architecture.
Build data-driven applications using MongoDB Atlas as the database.
Learn to secure your web apps and APIs and deploy them on the Cloud.
Learn all about the most popular NoSQL database in the world.
Learn to effectively implement Create-Read-Update-Delete queries.
Learn about schema design and data modeling.
Learn about critical operations like sorting, aggregation, and lots more.
Master the platform that is used by LinkedIn, Netflix, PayPal, NASA, Medium, Walmart, and more.
Embrace the database of choice for Uber, Lyft, Accenture, and more.



APIs and Testing
Learning Objectives:

Learn all about REST and build RESTful APIs.
Discover the OpenAPI 3.0 specification.
Work with Swagger to document your APIs.
Learn to test your code so it doesn't fail in production.
Learn to write unit tests using Jest.
Build end-to-end (E2E) tests using Puppeteer.
Level up your E2E experience with Cypress.io.


Deployment
Learning Objectives:
Go hands-on with deployment on major cloud platforms such as AWS, Cpanel, Netlify, and Heroku.


Level Up Your Skills – Mastering Algorithms and Process Management
Learning Objectives:

Learn all about time complexity.
Learn to implement algorithms such as sorting, search, divide and conquer, dynamic programming, greedy algorithms and many more.
Discover the Agile way of building software.
Learn about project lifecycle management with Agile.
Embrace the SCRUM framework like Jira, rello.
Get ready to face job interviews.